feat: Add es samples for 11.2.2 (#15)
IBM/ibm-event-automation: event-streams/grafana-dashboards/README.md

> # Grafana-Dashboards Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Grafana dashboards samples
```

> This directory contains files for configuring Event Streams cluster health with Prometheus and Grafana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains sample configuration files to help you set up cluster health monitoring with Prometheus and Grafana.
```

Reviewer: Is there a reason we provide an explanation and links into the samples within the folder here, but we don't do it for others the same way (for example, `kafka-connect` or `kafka-user` dirs, or any other which has more than one sample).

Author: @gabortpubs I believe we don't provide much information about the grafana configuration files in our official docs but for the rest of them we do have and  For `kafka-user` dirs there are a lot of files and I dint want to overdo a lot of information into the Readme.

But for a matter of consistency, we can remove the explanation and the links to the configuration file in the grafana directory.

> - [ibm-eventstreams-georeplication-dashboard.yaml](./ibm-eventstreams-georeplication-dashboard.yaml) : Example dashboard for monitoring georeplication/mirrormaker2 workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ibm-eventstreams-georeplication-dashboard.yaml](./ibm-eventstreams-georeplication-dashboard.yaml): Sample dashboard for monitoring geo-replication and MirrorMaker2 workers.
```

> - [ibm-eventstreams-kafka.json](./ibm-eventstreams-kafka.json) : Example dashboard for monitoring Kafka cluster health.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ibm-eventstreams-kafka.json](./ibm-eventstreams-kafka.json): Sample dashboard for monitoring Kafka cluster health.
```

> - [ibm-eventstreams-kafka-health-dashboard.yaml](ibm-eventstreams-kafka-health-dashboard.yaml) : Example Grafana JSON dashboard for monitoring Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ibm-eventstreams-kafka-health-dashboard.yaml](ibm-eventstreams-kafka-health-dashboard.yaml): Sample Grafana JSON dashboard for monitoring your Kafka cluster.
```

> - [ibm-eventstreams-operator-dashboard.yaml](./ibm-eventstreams-operator-dashboard.yaml) : Example dashboard for monitoring Event Streams operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ibm-eventstreams-operator-dashboard.yaml](./ibm-eventstreams-operator-dashboard.yaml): Sample dashboard for monitoring the Event Streams operator.
```

> - [ibm-eventstreams-performance-dashboard.yaml](./ibm-eventstreams-performance-dashboard.yaml) : Example dashboard for monitoring performance of Event Streams pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ibm-eventstreams-performance-dashboard.yaml](./ibm-eventstreams-performance-dashboard.yaml): Sample dashboard for monitoring the performance of Event Streams pods.
```
